Cleanup register methods (#289)
FabricMC/fabric-docs: develop/items/first-item.md

@[code transcludeWith=:::1](@/reference/latest/src/main/java/com/example/docs/item/ModItems.java)

> This method uses the [`Function`](https://docs.oracle.com/en/java/javase/21/docs/api/java.base/java/util/function/Function.html) interface for the factory, which will allow us to specify how we want our item to be created from the item settings using a [lambda expression](https://www.w3schools.com/java/java_lambda.asp) or a method reference such as `Item::new`, like we do below.

Reviewer: I wouldn't explain this in detail, as it's Java knowledge.

```suggestion
Notice the usage of a [`Function`](https://docs.oracle.com/en/java/javase/21/docs/api/java.base/java/util/function/Function.html) interface for the factory, which will later allow us to specify how we want our item to be created from the item settings using `Item::new`.
```

## Registering an Item {#registering-an-item}

You can now register an item using the method now.

> The register method takes in an instance of the `Items.Settings` class as a parameter. This class allows you to configure the item's properties through various builder methods.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The register method takes in an instance of the `Item.Settings` class as a parameter. This class allows you to configure the item's properties through various builder methods.
```

::: tip

> If you want to change your item's stack size, you can use the `maxCount` method in the `Items.Settings` class.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want to change your item's stack size, you can use the `maxCount` method in the `Item.Settings` class.
```
